Align the two getting started docs (#311)
kaskada-ai/kaskada: docs-src/modules/getting-started/pages/hello-world-cli.adoc

Purchase | when(Purchase.customer_id == "patrick")
----

[source,bash]
----
cat query.fenl | ./kaskada-cli query run --stdout --response-as csv
----
In this example, we build a pipeline of functions using the `|` character.
We begin with the timeline produced by the table `Purchase`, then filter it to the set of times where the purchase's customer is `"patrick"` using the `xref:fenl:catalog.adoc#when[when()]` function.

> Kaskada's query language provides a rich set of operations for reasoning about time.

Reviewer: maybe link to the catalogue here, same style as "go here to find out more" that we have throughout the docs

Here's a more sophisticated example that touches on many of the unique features of Kaskada queries:

[source,Fenl]
.query.fenl
----
# How many big purchases happen each hour and where?
let cadence = hourly()

# Anything can be named and re-used
let hourly_big_purchases = purchase
| when(Purchase.amount > 10)

# Filter anywhere
| count(window=since(cadence))

# Aggregate anything
| when(cadence)

# Shift timelines relative to each other
let purchases_now = count(Purchase)
let purchases_yesterday =
   purchases_now | shift_by(days(1))

# Records are just another type
in { hourly_big_purchases, purchases_in_last_day: purchases_now - purchases_yesterday }
| extend({
  # …modify them sequentially
  last_visit_region: last(Pageview.region)
})
----

****
⭢  Read more about writing queries in xref:developing:queries.adoc[]
****

=== Configuring query execution

A given query can be computed in different ways.
You can configure how a query is executed by providing arguments to the CLI command.

==== Changing how the result timeline is output

When you make a query, the resulting timeline is interpreted in one of two ways: as a history or as a snapshot.

> * A timeline *History* generates a value each time the timeline changes, and each row is associated with a different entity and point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A timeline *History* generates a value each time there is a change in the value for the entity, and each row is associated with a different entity and point in time.
```
